Excessive user account lockouts playbook (#37629)
demisto/content: Packs/Core/Playbooks/playbook-Excessive_User_Account_Lockouts_README.md

> This playbook is designed to handle the following alerts:

Reviewer: Change to:  This playbook addresses the following alerts:

Author: Changing. As for the missing title - since the template applies to RN and this is the README of the playbook which is derived from the playbook description, it would make sense not to have this title

- Excessive user account lockouts
- Excessive account lockouts on suspicious users
- Excessive user account lockouts from a suspicious source

The playbook investigates and responds to excessive user account lockout alerts. It gathers information about the alert, enriches relevant host data, and analyzes event patterns. This analysis helps distinguish between benign lockouts and lockouts caused by brute-force or password spray attacks.

Playbook Stages:

Triage:

- The playbook enriches the alert with details about the lockout events.

> Investigation:

Reviewer: better formatting
Investigation:                                                                                                                                                                                         │
│ - The playbook analyzes the lockout event timestamps to detect patterns.                                                                                                                               │
│ - Checks for related medium severity brute-force alerts in the incident.                                                                                                                               │
│ - Retrieves the Risk Score for the Caller Computer that caused the lockouts.

- The playbook analyzes the lockout event timestamps to detect patterns, checks for related medium severity brute-force alerts in the incident, and retrieves the Risk Score for the Caller Computer that caused the lockouts.

Containment:

- With analyst approval, the playbook can isolate the endpoint (either the Caller Computer or the target host) if it's determined to be a true positive and not a server.

Requirements:

- For response actions, the following integrations are required: Core - IR.

> ## Dependencies

Reviewer: it appears the playbook does not have any dependencies, so this section can be removed

This playbook uses the following sub-playbooks, integrations, and scripts.

> ### Sub-playbooks

Reviewer: it appears the playbook does not have any dependencies, so this section can be removed

This playbook does not use any sub-playbooks.

### Integrations

* CortexCoreIR

> ### Scripts

Reviewer: Not sure it is part of the template

* AnalyzeTimestampIntervals
* SearchAlertsV2
* SetAndHandleEmpty

> ### Commands

Reviewer: Not sure it is part of the template

* closeInvestigation
* core-get-cloud-original-alerts
* core-get-endpoints
* core-isolate-endpoint
* core-list-risky-hosts

> ## Playbook Inputs

Reviewer: it appears the playbook does not have any dependencies, so this section can be removed

---
There are no inputs for this playbook.

> ## Playbook Outputs

Reviewer: it appears the playbook does not have any dependencies, so this section can be removed

This playbook is designed to handle the following alerts:

- Excessive user account lockouts
- Excessive account lockouts on suspicious users
- Excessive user account lockouts from a suspicious source

The playbook investigates and responds to excessive user account lockout alerts. It gathers information about the alert, enriches relevant host data, and analyzes event patterns. This analysis helps distinguish between benign lockouts and lockouts caused by brute-force or password spray attacks.

Playbook Stages:

Triage:

- Enriches the alert with details about the lockout events.

Investigation:

- Analyzes the lockout event timestamps to detect patterns.
- Checks for related medium severity brute-force alerts in the incident.
- Retrieves the Risk Score for the Caller Computer that caused the lockouts.

Containment:

- With analyst approval, the playbook can isolate the endpoint (either the Caller Computer or the target host) if it's determined to be a true positive and not a server.

Requirements:

> - For response actions, the following integrations are required: Core - IR.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- For response actions, the following integration is required: Core - IR.
```

## Dependencies

This playbook uses the following sub-playbooks, integrations, and scripts.

### Sub-playbooks

This playbook does not use any sub-playbooks.

### Integrations

* CortexCoreIR

### Scripts

* AnalyzeTimestampIntervals
* SearchAlertsV2
* SetAndHandleEmpty

### Commands

* closeInvestigation
* core-get-cloud-original-alerts
* core-get-endpoints
* core-isolate-endpoint
* core-list-risky-hosts

> ## Playbook Inputs

Reviewer 3: @AdiPeret 
I think it's important to mention that there are no inputs and no outputs + that's what we did till now so please keep the Playbook Inputs and Playbook Outputs sections with the line that says "There are no inputs/output for this playbook."
